itemGroup.TeamMadnessModItemsTab=TeamMadness Mod Items
itemGroup.TeamMadnessModMaterialsTab=TeamMadness Mod Materials
itemGroup.TeamMadnessModArmorTab=TeamMadness Mod Armor
itemGroup.TeamMadnessModBlocksTab=TeamMadness Mod Blocks


tile.escapemc_ore.name=EscapeMC Ore
tile.mushrromstew_ore.name=MushrromStew Ore
tile.epicbudder22_ore.name=epicbudder22 Ore
tile.jonahjoe2002_ore.name=jonahjoe2002 Ore
tile.ianplaysyt_ore.name=IanPlaysYT Ore
tile.bossface88_ore.name=bossface88_ore
tile.diamondtips_ore.name=01diamondtips Ore

tile.ms.name=Mysterious Substance...
tile.cdm.name=Condensed Dark Matter
tile.madness_ore.name=Madness Ore

item.madness_shard.name=Madness Shard
item.madness_ingot.name=Madness Ingot
item.madness_shard.name=Madness Shard
item.dark_matter.name=Dark Matter
item.midm.name=Madness Infused Dark Matter

item.beef_taco.name=Beef Taco
item.chicken_taco.name=Chicken Taco
item.choco_taco.name=Choco Taco
item.rabbit_taco.name=Rabbit Taco
item.tortilla.name=Tortilla


item.ashley_headphones.name=Beats
item.ashley_musicnote.name=Music

item.nick_bag.name=Nick's Shopping Bag
item.ian_bow.name=Ian's Bow


item.escapemc_ingot.name=EscapeMC Ingot
item.mushrromstew_ingot.name=MushrromStew Ingot
item.epicbudder22_ingot.name=epicbudder22 Ingot
item.jonahjoe2002_ingot.name=jonahjoe2002 Ingot
item.ianplaysyt_ingot.name=IanPlaysYT Ingot
item.bossface88_ingot.name=bossface88 Ingot
item.diamondtips_ingot.name=01diamondtips Ingot


item.escapemc_sword.name=EscapeMC Sword
item.escapemc_pickaxe.name=EscapeMC Pickaxe
item.escapemc_axe.name=EscapeMC Axe
item.escapemc_shovel.name=EscapeMC Shovel
item.escapemc_hoe.name=EscapeMC Hoe
item.escapemc_helmet.name=EscapeMC Helmet
item.escapemc_chestplate.name=EscapeMC Chestplate
item.escapemc_leggings.name=EscapeMC Leggings
item.escapemc_boots.name=EscapeMC Boots

item.mushrromstew_sword.name=MushrromStew Sword
item.mushrromstew_pickaxe.name=MushrromStew Pickaxe
item.mushrromstew_axe.name=MushrromStew Axe
item.mushrromstew_shovel.name=MushrromStew Shovel
item.mushrromstew_hoe.name=MushrromStew Hoe
item.mushrromstew_helmet.name=MushrromStew Helmet
item.mushrromstew_chestplate.name=MushrromStew Chestplate
item.mushrromstew_leggings.name=MushrromStew Leggings
item.mushrromstew_boots.name=MushrromStew Boots

item.epicbudder22_sword.name=epicbudder22 Sword
item.epicbudder22_pickaxe.name=epicbudder22 Pickaxe
item.epicbudder22_axe.name=epicbudder22 Axe
item.epicbudder22_shovel.name=epicbudder22 Shovel
item.epicbudder22_hoe.name=epicbudder22 Hoe
item.epicbudder22_helmet.name=epicbudder22 Helmet
item.epicbudder22_chestplate.name=epicbudder22 Chestplate
item.epicbudder22_leggings.name=epicbudder22 Leggings
item.epicbudder22_boots.name=epicbudder22 Boots

item.jonahjoe2002_sword.name=jonahjoe2002 Sword
item.jonahjoe2002_pickaxe.name=jonahjoe2002 Pickaxe
item.jonahjoe2002_axe.name=jonahjoe2002 Axe
item.jonahjoe2002_shovel.name=jonahjoe2002 Shovel
item.jonahjoe2002_hoe.name=jonahjoe2002 Hoe
item.jonahjoe2002_helmet.name=jonahjoe2002 Helmet
item.jonahjoe2002_chestplate.name=jonahjoe2002 Chestplate
item.jonahjoe2002_leggings.name=jonahjoe2002 Leggings
item.jonahjoe2002_boots.name=jonahjoe2002 Boots

item.ianplaysyt_sword.name=IanPlaysYT Sword
item.ianplaysyt_pickaxe.name=IanPlaysYT Pickaxe
item.ianplaysyt_axe.name=IanPlaysYT Axe
item.ianplaysyt_shovel.name=IanPlaysYT Shovel
item.ianplaysyt_hoe.name=IanPlaysYT Hoe
item.ianplaysyt_helmet.name=IanPlaysYT Helmet
item.ianplaysyt_chestplate.name=IanPlaysYT Chestplate
item.ianplaysyt_leggings.name=IanPlaysYT Leggings
item.ianplaysyt_boots.name=IanPlaysYT Boots

item.bossface88_sword.name=bossface88 Sword
item.bossface88_pickaxe.name=bossface88 Pickaxe
item.bossface88_axe.name=bossface88 Axe
item.bossface88_shovel.name=bossface88 Shovel
item.bossface88_hoe.name=bossface88 Hoe
item.bossface88_helmet.name=bossface88 Helmet
item.bossface88_chestplate.name=bossface88 Chestplate
item.bossface88_leggings.name=bossface88 Leggings
item.bossface88_boots.name=bossface88 Boots

item.diamondtips_sword.name=01diamondtips Sword
item.diamondtips_pickaxe.name=01diamondtips Pickaxe
item.diamondtips_axe.name=01diamondtips Axe
item.diamondtips_shovel.name=01diamondtips Shovel
item.diamondtips_hoe.name=01diamondtips Hoe
item.diamondtips_helmet.name=01diamondtips Helmet
item.diamondtips_chestplate.name=01diamondtips Chestplate
item.diamondtips_leggings.name=01diamondtips Leggings
item.diamondtips_boots.name=01diamondtips Boots


item.darkmatter_sword.name=Dark Matter Sword
item.darkmatter_pickaxe.name=Dark Matter Pickaxe
item.darkmatter_axe.name=Dark Matter Axe
item.darkmatter_shovel.name=Dark Matter Shovel
item.darkmatter_hoe.name=Dark Matter Hoe
item.darkmatter_helmet.name=Dark Matter Helmet
item.darkmatter_chestplate.name=Dark Matter Chestplate
item.darkmatter_leggings.name=Dark Matter Leggings
item.darkmatter_boots.name=Dark Matter Boots


item.madness_sword.name=Madness Sword
item.madness_pickaxe.name=Madness Pickaxe
item.madness_axe.name=Madness Axe
item.madness_shovel.name=Madness Shovel
item.madness_hoe.name=Madness Hoe
item.madness_helmet.name=Madness Helmet
item.madness_chestplate.name=Madness Chestplate
item.madness_leggings.name=Madness Leggings
item.madness_boots.name=Madness Boots

container.madness_chest=Madness Chest
container.madness_furnace=Madness Furnace
container.nick_bag=Nick's Shopping Bag
container.black_hole=Black Hole...

tile.madness_furnace.name=Madness Furnace
tile.lit_madness_furnace.name=Lit Madness Furnace
tile.madness_chest.name=Madness Chest
tile.black_hole.name=Black Hole...

item.water_breathing_wand.name=Wand of Water Breathing
item.jump_boost_wand.name=Wand of Jump Boost
item.speed_wand.name=Wand of Speed
item.fire_res_wand.name=Wand of Fire Resistance

